Doc improvements (#761)
facebookresearch/hydra: website/docs/tutorials/structured_config/3_config_groups.md

  user: postgre_user
```

> In the above example we need the `+` because there is no default choice for which config to load in the `db` group, so we are effectively _adding_ a new config element rather than _overriding_ an existing one.
> The next page in this tutorial will show how to add such a default choice, thus removing the need for `+` on the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `+` above is required because there is no default choice for the config group `db`.
The next page will re-introduce the Defaults List, eliminating the need for the `+`.
```

Author: I took your changes
